FindEmailCampaign: handle debug-mode response entries (#36063)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/3_4_9.md

#### Scripts

##### FindEmailCampaign

> Fixed an issue where debug-mode response entries caused an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where running the script with a *debug-mode* argument caused an exception.
```
